High in this video we're going to kind of put everything together.
So let's first recap what we've seen so far.
So we have positional arguments now positional arguments have a specific sequence right there in a specific
position.
Basically in the parameters and therefore in the arguments that we then use when we call the function.
So they may or may not have default values.
Also we have this angst that we saw and that basically collects and exhausts any extra positional arguments
that are provided in the function call that go beyond what just the positional parameters are in the
definition of the function.
We also saw the stuff by itself which effectively exhausts the positional arguments in the function
call.
But it will not put them into a topple.
And in fact it will refuse to accept more positional arguments that are specifically defined in the
parameters of the function.
Then we also have keyword only arguments.
These are arguments that must be passed as a key value pair.
So in the positional arguments the user may pass them as key value pairs but for keyword only arguments
the user must pass the argument as a key value pair.
And they have to be positioned after the positional arguments have been exhausted.
When we set up the parameters when we define the function they are also specific.
They can have specific names.
Right.
And they may or may not have default values but then we also have this starstuff Kwanzaa which is again
you know all of the quotes.
KW I guess is kind of whatever you want to call it but it's very similar to this style.
What the style Stockwell's does is basically collect into a dictionary any extra keyword arguments that
it finds that were not specifically named.
So style arms will collect any positional arguments that were not specifically named and starstuff KW.
Will collect any key value arguments that are not specifically named.
So let's take a look at it.
So this might be you know a sequence.
I then put the commas in here but there would be commas if we were to use that to define a function's
parameters but these could be the sequence of things that we can put inside a function's parameters.
So here you'll see first of all we have the positional parameters so we have a b and c are all specific
positional parameters and C has a default value so they can have default values.
Now the non-default parameters are going to be mandatory arguments.
In other words when we call the function we will have to specify values for A and B but we can omit
the value for c because it has a default.
So it's optional.
So users may specify these arguments using a keyword.
So if they want they can call a function by saying one comma two or they may say equals one big words
too.
So they can specify a keyword argument.
Now the keyword has to match the parameter name.
And they may or may not use that.
It doesn't force them to use it but they can then the next section is this stuff.
Or stuff that comes after the positional parameters.
Now the style is basically scoops up any additional arguments that are being passed that don't match
up with the specifically named ones.
The stuff indicates that there are no more positional arguments after this point.
So in this case we would have a B and C and that would be it.
The user would not be able to specify more than three positional arguments when calling the function.
So after we've exhausted the positional arguments either using stars or star then come the key word
only arguments and that can be specifically named as well.
We have KW 1 and KW To which are two specifically named Key word only arguments which means that the
user will have to call it using a keyword argument.
Now they can have default values such as this one here.
So of course if you are a keyword argument has a default value.
It is not mandatory.
You don't have to specify it when you call the function.
So these are not mandatory they're optional whereas KW one which does not have a default value is mandatory
and the user now must specify those keyword arguments using a keyword.
Right.
They have to pass the values to the function using something of the form.
KW One equals a or ten.
Whatever the case may be now if used staff or staff must also be used you cannot specify key word only
arguments unless you've exhausted the positional arguments and the only way to exhaust the positional
arguments is either to accept them and put them into this top hole or to say no I don't have any more
positional arguments.
Basically you would reject any additional positional arguments using just the Lone Star by itself.
And then finally we have the start stuff.
KW is what this does it basically scoops up any additional keyword arguments.
So any keyword arguments that it finds in the function call that don't match up to the keyword only
arguments or don't match up to the positional arguments it will then throw into this dictionary.
So let's look at some examples.
Very quickly we have you know all we can call the function a with be will 10 to positional arguments.
One of them has a default here.
We have two positional arguments that don't have default so they'll be mandatory.
And here we're going to scoop up some additional positional arguments that the user can specify when
they call the function here it gets a little more complicated.
We have two mandatory positional arguments.
We can scoop up an arbitrary number of additional positional arguments and now we have two key word
only arguments.
KW One is mandatory it's required because it doesn't have a default but KW to you know is not required.
It doesn't because it has a default so it doesn't have to be specified when we call the function.
Now here we have a we have B equals 10.
And here we indicate that's it.
That's the only positional arguments we'll accept we'll only accept two and there will be a and b b
has a default.
So if we don't specify B it will default to 10 and then we have the keyword arguments that can come
after the stuff.
Now you'll notice a little difference here between the star and the star.
I didn't put a default value for B.
Well if you think about it and we'll see that in the code.
But if you did have a default value for B and then you accepted other arguments.
How would Python know if you specify three positional arguments that say how would it know that the
second one and the third one are supposed to go into and that you're trying to not specify be.
You would have a problem right.
You would be able to do that.
It would basically replace B with that value that you're trying to actually put into.
And then the third value of the fourth value would go into and we'll see that in the code it will become
clear.
So I don't put a default here you can r but it's not very useful if you're also going to you know take
in and scoop up extra positional arguments.
We can also go up to his right.
We have a B.
We scoop up extra positional arguments we have a mandatory keyword arguments.
We have an optional keyword argument and then we can scoop up extra keyword arguments or we can do this.
We're going to have a B equals 10.
So now we have a default forby within stop accepting positional arguments and then we have two keyword
arguments that are specific one of which is optional and then we can scoop up some extra ones you can
of course call a function with just an arbitrary number of positional arguments so you can specify zero
or as many arguments as you want.
And that will work.
You can also do the same thing with keywords and only accept keyword arguments and as many as you want.
So start Starcade heavily.
We'll do that for us.
And of course you can combine those two and you can have an arbitrary number of positional arguments
followed by an arbitrary number of positional of a keyword only arguments and you'll scoop that up into
the args table and the KW Pod's dictionary.
That's actually a very useful syntax right here and we'll see that in a few you know in an upcoming
video are probably too from now anyway.
This is just kind of a example of all the different ways you can define these things and we'll take
a look at that again in the code section.
So let's look at some typical use cases of you know the Star ones at least and you know when would you
use that or do you know when would you use you know mandatory key word the key word only arguments.
What are some of the use cases.
And of course there are plenty I'm just going to show you a couple.
So the first one is let's look at the print function that's actually built into Python.
If we look at the documentation for the print function we see that it starts with Star objects while
remember that star.
And so like I said we what we typically call it we can call whatever you want that's just the parameter
name.
In this case they named that object.
So it just says Star objects.
So it's going to be a topple that's going to collect positional arguments that you pass to the print
function.
So that's why we can say print parentheses one comma to comma three and it's going to print one two
three with a space in between.
But now take a look.
Now we have some keyword only arguments.
Now they all have a default value.
So because of that it means that they're all optional.
So if you say print one comma to come three then it's going to use the default value for CEP which is
the separator which is a space.
And that's why when we say print one comma to come at three it prints one space to space three and then
it does a new line.
Well it does the new line.
Because this is what the end key words are keyword arguments value is by default to backslash N which
is a new line.
So that's how that works.
Now we can override that.
Therefore if we want we can say print 1 comet to come at 3 and we can specify a different separator.
Or we could specify a different line and in character or we specify both.
We can also change where it's going or write it out.
In this case we're just writing to the standard at the console.
But you could write it off somewhere else and then flush is something that's a little different arm
that's really used when you because as you're printing the console it's a your program is running and
you're printing a lot of output to the console.
Well sometimes the council can't keep up.
And so what you do is you can flush you can ensure that you've actually written things out to the console.
Anyways what I really want to point out is that here's a typical use case of using keyword arguments
right keyword only arguments.
You do that when you want to basically let the function do what it normally does with its positional
parameters.
But then you modify the behavior of the function.
And for that you use keyword only arguments.
All right so all this does goes over what we just discussed.
So here's another one.
So often key word only arguments are used to modify the default behavior of a function just like we
saw in the print function just now.
Here's another one.
For example let's say we have this method here called calque Hailo average and it takes Starns.
So basically what this function does it's going to take an you know an unlimited number well unlimited
an arbitrary number of positional arguments.
It's going to look at the minimum value the maximum value and calculate the average of those two values.
And we have then a keyword only argument that has a default which is larget to cancel.
So this function will actually calculate that average and return it.
But if we specify locked to console to be true then additionally it's going to print out to the console
the information about the high the low and the average.
So that's kind of what I mean by you know we can use a keyword approach to modify the behavior of the
function right by default the function doesn't log anything to the console but we set the flag to true
and now all of a sudden it will start logging things to the console for us.
So again that's another typical way of using value are key key only arguments can keyword only argues.
All right let's switch to some code and let's take a look at all this in action.